- src/
    - docker-compose.yml
        > Defines our sql server database
    - Ludo_API/
        - Dockerfile
        - Ludo_API.xml
            > Autogenerated XML documentation using the XML comments ("///") defined in code
        - Program.cs
        - Startup.cs
        - API/
        - Controllers/
            > This contains the two API Controllers which manage our  two endpoints `api/games` and `api/gameplay`
            - GameplayController.cs
              > API Controller for the `api/gameplay` endpoint
              <br>
              > It is responsible for managing games, such as creating, retrieving and deleting a game or multiple games. And other related actions such as adding a player to an existing game
            - GamesController.cs
              > API Controller for the `api/games` endpoint
              > This controller is responsible for gameplay related actions, such as; starting a turn `PostRollDie` (which rolls a dice and generates possible moves based on the roll) and retrieving or executing `MoveAction`s.
        - Data/
            > This contains static game data such as the tracks for the various colors and the layout of the gameboard.
            - ColorTrackData.cs
              > This contains a color's track indices (the indices of the squares pieces of the color can move to and in which order), as well as the color's start and goal index.
            - ILudoData2.cs
              > Interface for LudoData2
            - LudoData.cs
              > This holds all data (readonly) for Ludo, such as gameboard layout (square color and square type) and a `ColorTrackData` for each color.
            - LudoData2.cs
              > rewrite of LudoData.cs (todo: fixme)
        - Database/
            > Contains our "DbContext".
            - LudoContext.cs
                > Here we define our entities/tables, and setup a composite primary key constraint in the `Square` table for the `ID` and `GameboardId` columns.
        - GameEngine/
            > This folder contains all gameplay related functionality.
            - Game/
                > This folder contains all gameplay related functionality.
                - DieD6.cs
                    > This defines a 6 side die, and has one method for rolling the die, and one property to which the result is saved.
                - Game.cs
                    > The game's move logic is defined, such as generating possible moves.
                - IDie.cs
                    > Defines a die
                    <br>
                    > By defining a die with an interface and injecting an implementation as needed we can test any functionality which uses a die since the main implementation `DieD6` uses `Random` meaning that the outcome of the roll cannot be predicated and reliably tested.
                - ITurnManager.cs
                    > Defines a TurnManager
                - TurnManager.cs
                    > Our implementation of ITurnManager
                    <br>
                    > Holds functionality related to a game turn such as; randomly selecting which player should start (`DecideWhoStarts()`), figuring out which player should play the next turn, handling a turn (this involves rolling the die and then calling `Game.GetPossibleMoves` to generate a list of possible moves based on the result of the die roll) and starting a game (which involves calling `DecideWhoStarts()` and updating the `StartGameData` and `CurrentPlayer` properties on the `Gameboard` object.
        - Migrations/
            > Contains `Entity Framework Core` migrations.
        - Models/
            > Contains all domain/entity models and `DTO` classes
            - Gameboard.cs
                > This defines the `Gameboard` model (sometimes refereed to as "Game") which keeps track of all the squares and players, and other data such as; who created the game and when, and who the current player is. But it also defines the tracks for all colors.
                todo: update if we use LudoData/LudoData2 instead.
            - MoveAction.cs
                > This defines the `MoveAction` model which defines a possible move and as such holds all necessary data for completing a "MoveAction" (inserting [a] piece(s) or moving a piece.
            - Player.cs
                > This defines the `Player` model which holds a player's name and color, but also the player's track (based on their color).
            - Square.cs
                > This defines the `Square` model which holds a `SquareTenant` object and a reference to the `Gameboard` the square belongs to as well as a foreign key to said `Gameboard` object.
            - SquareTenant.cs
                > This defines the `SquareTenant` model which holds data (for a `Square`) on which player (if any) occupies a `Square` and how many pieces the player has on the `Square`.
            - DTO/
                - GameboardDTO.cs
                    > A cut down version of `Gameboard` for used return a `Gameboard`'s data in the response to an API request.
                - NewPlayerDTO.cs
                    >
                - PlayerDTO.cs
                    > A cut down version of `Player` for used return a `Gameboard`'s data in the response to an API request.
                - PostRollDieDTO.cs
                    >
                - SquareDTO.cs
                    > A cut down version of `Square` for used return a `Gameboard`'s data in the response to an API request.
                - TurnDataDTO.cs
                    >
        - Properties/
            - launchSettings.json
        - Repositories/
            > Contains our repository interfaces and their main implementations.
            - GamesRepository.cs
                > This repository handles all database queries for the `api/Games/` endpoint (`GamesController`) such as adding a new game (gameboard), adding a new player to an existing game or retrieving games (`Gameboard`s).
            - IGamesRepository.cs
                > Defines the repository for the `api/Games/` endpoint (`GamesController`).
            - IMoveActionsRepository.cs
                > Defines the repository for the `MoveActions` table.
            - IPlayerRepository.cs
                > Defines the repository for the `Players` table.
            - MoveActionsRepository.cs
                > This repository handles all database queries against the `MoveActions` table.
            - PlayerRepository.cs
                > This repository handles all database queries against the `Players` table.
        - Utils/
            - ShortGuid.cs
                > ShortGuid can be used to construct an URL friendly guid id string and to convert the ShortGuid back to a guid
        - Validators/
            - IsColor.cs
                > note: Not used, delete?
                
                > The class `IsColorAttribute` defines an attribute used to validate hex color strings.
    - Ludo_API_Test/
        - ManualTests/
            > Contains Rest Client snippets for manual testing of the API.
            - RestClientTests.http
        - TestRepositories/
            > Test repositories. Implementations of the repository interfaces defined in WebApi.
            - TestGamesRepository.cs
            - TestMoveActionsRepository.cs
            - TestPlayerRepository.cs
        - UnitTests/
            > Contains our tests.
            - UnitTest_GameplayController.cs
                > Unit tests for the `api/Gameplay` endpoint controller.
            - UnitTest1.cs
                > Refactoring of these tests so that they work with the new code is incomplete.

                > Tests from the first Ludo project (Ludo v1).
            - UnitTest_GamesController.cs
                > Unit tests for the `api/Games` endpoint controller.
    - Ludo_WebApp/
        - Program.cs
            > The entry point in the WebApp. Creates the host builder, configures the default WebHost by registering our Startup class.
        - Startup.cs
            > Register and configure our dependencies and services. Configures Swagger. Sets up the pipeline.
        - Hubs/
            > Hubs for SignalR
            - LudoHub.cs
        - Ludo_API/
            - Fetch.cs
                > The `Fetch` class contains methods to make API calls against the various endpoints.
            - Models/
                - LudoData.cs
                    > This holds all data for Ludo, such as gameboard layout (square color and square type) and a `ColorTrackData` for each color. This data is set by RestSharp when it deserializes the json data received when request the LudoData from the API.
        - Models/
            - MoveAction.cs
                > RestSharp creates MoveAction object when it deserializes json data from the API.
            - DTO/
                - GameboardDTO.cs
                    > RestSharp creates Gameboard object when it deserializes json data from the API.
                - NewPlayerDTO.cs
                    > RestSharp creates NewPlayer object when it deserializes json data from the API.
                - PlayerDTO.cs
                    > RestSharp creates Player object when it deserializes json data from the API.
                - PostRollDieDTO.cs
                    > RestSharp creates PostRollDie object when it deserializes json data from the API.
                - SquareDTO.cs
                    > RestSharp creates Square object when it deserializes json data from the API.
                - SquareTenantDTO.cs
                    > RestSharp creates SquareTenant object when it deserializes json data from the API.
                - TurnDataDTO.cs
                    > RestSharp creates TurnData object when it deserializes json data from the API.
        - Pages/
            - Error.cshtml
            - Error.cshtml.cs
            - Index.cshtml
                > Startpage of the WebApp
            - Index.cshtml.cs
                > Startpage of the WebApp
            - Privacy.cshtml
            - Privacy.cshtml.cs
            - _ViewImports.cshtml
            - _ViewStart.cshtml
            - Ludo/
                - Game.cshtml
                - Game.cshtml.cs
                - Index.cshtml
                    - Here the gameboard is drawn if a route id is specified and if there's a gameboard with said id.
                    - Display a "Cast Die" button for the player whose turn it is.
                    - Display a list of `MoveAction`s if the player has cast their die.
                - Index.cshtml.cs
                    - Loads LudoData and the Gameboard if the {id} is not null.
                    - Handles the POST when the "Cast Die" is clicked.
                    - Handles the POST when the MoveActions form is submitted.
                - Lobby.cshtml
                    > Shows a form to create or join a game depending on whether {id} is null or not.
                    > Displays a list of player in a game (if {id} is not null)
                    > Presents a button which takes they player to the gameboard when the creator has started the game.
                - Lobby.cshtml.cs
                    - Handles the POST when the create/join game form is submitted.
                    - Handles the POST when "Start Game" button is clicked.
            - Shared/
                - _Layout.cshtml
                - _ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml
        - Properties/
            - launchSettings.json
            - serviceDependencies.local.json.user
        - Utils/
            - CookieMonster.cs
                > Sets cookies, and surprisingly it doesn't eat any.
        - wwwroot/
            - css/
                - ludo.css
                    > Styles for the gameboard.
                - site.css
            - js/
                - ludo.js
                    > Scripts for the gameboard.
                - site.js